the lac back and mateus this video wants
show you how to put the image of
background in 3d blend is important sometimes
Do you want to model something?
places an image of a drawing to
do this modeling I'll show you how
that happens
Let's go here first, let's go here.
front position will put an image
too simple
many people have asked and said that
the picture does not appear it's simple you can
to realize here that the forehead
front is in perspective then the
first thing to do is click on
Here it opens here now you come here in
background click on the setinha add to
image what clothes I'm going to put one
image any place a landscape
something has nothing to do with the image ready
here is the image that you are not
seeing I too am not seeing
thing
the great problem that many people
times there is no image does not appear
first you need to click here
in the background this is the big one
secrets can see that even pants and
benfica and gets cloudy
you clicked here and it gets more alive in
sign that the image is here as well
The major problem is the following
images of this only appear in
and are not intended to prevent
perspective
so it's simple for you to change
prospect for orthographic sir
come here and come here to a pec 5
respective spelling
5 you will click the click none
commissioned now spell-check
If you want to change if you click 15
new will come back for perspective
or here or do not lose 5 here is the vision
spelling and here you go is
put your people right to do
some kind of article in the case here
art has nothing to do is just a
background but it's interesting that you have
this understanding is that the vision has
be orthographic and there must be
you have to be clicked here in
background but not
the image will not appear to you
do the work, that's it.
Come back and mateus
to the next